aDsorb elements
absorbS elements
aMid stream 
aRid stream 
aVid stream 
acRid stream 
acEd stream 
acidS stream 
acid sCream 
acid streaK 
acid streamS 
acid streamY 
acid streamS
acid streamY
alarY
alarmS
animaS friendship
animalS friendship
animal friendshipS
arcaDe weapon 
arcanA weapon 
arcane weaponS 
arcane weaponS
Cane
Fane
Jane
Lane
Mane
Pane
Sane
Vane
Wane
bIne
bOne
baBe
baDe
baKe
baLe
baRe
baSe
baTe
banC
banD
banD
banG
banI
banK
banS
banT
baneS
Feast bond
Least bond
Yeast bond
bReast bond
bLast bond
bOast bond
beaUt bond
beastS bond
beast Fond
beast Pond
beast bLond
beast bAnd
beast bEnd
beast bInd
beast bUnd
beast boUnd
beast boLd
beast bonEd
beast bonE
beast bonG
beast bonK
beast bonY
beast bondS
blIss
bleBs
Turning hands
burPing hands
burRing hands
burYing hands
burningS hands
burning Bands
burning Lands
burning Sands
burning Wands
burning hInds
burning haRds
burning hanGs
burning hanKs
burning handY
catapultS
Pause fear
cLause fear
cRuse fear
caYuse fear
caRse fear
causeD fear
causeR fear
causeS fear
causeY fear
cause Bear
cause Dear
cause Gear
cause Hear
cause Near
cause Pear
cause Rear
cause Sear
cause Tear
cause Wear
cause Year
cause feUar
cause feEr
cause feaL
cause feaT
cause fearS
cIaos bolt
chaDs bolt
chaPs bolt
chaRs bolt
chaTs bolt
chaWs bolt
chaos Colt
chaos Dolt
chaos Holt
chaos Jolt
chaos Molt
chaos Volt
chaos bElt
chaos boAt
chaos boOt
chaos boRt
chaos boTt
chaos boUt
chaos bolA
chaos bolD
chaos bolE
chaos bolL
chaos bolO
chaos boltS
chIrm person
chaSm person
charD person
charE person
charR person
charS person
charT person
charY person
charmS person
charm pArson
charm perRon
charm perRon
charm personA
charm personS
Achromatic orb
chromatiD orb
chromatiN orb
chromaticS orb
chromatic Forb
chromatic Sorb
chromatic Arb
chromatic oBb
chromatic orA
chromatic orA
chromatic orC
chromatic orD
chromatic orE
chromatic orG
chromatic orT
chromatic orbS
Dolor spray
coloN spray
colorS spray
color sTray
color spLay
color spraG
color spraT
color sprayS
commEnd
commandO
commandS
compelled Fuel
compelled duAl
compelled duLl
compelled dueS
compelled dueT
compelled duelS
comprehendS languages
create Bor destroy water
create Cor destroy water
create Dor destroy water
create For destroy water
create Hor destroy water
create Jor destroy water
create Kor destroy water
create Nor destroy water
create Tor destroy water
create Xor destroy water
create oAr destroy water
create oUr destroy water
create orA destroy water
create orB destroy water
create orC destroy water
create orD destroy water
create orE destroy water
create orG destroy water
create orT destroy water
Lure wounds
Mure wounds
Pure wounds
Sure wounds
cAre wounds
cEre wounds
cIre wounds
cOre wounds
cuBe wounds
cuKe wounds
cuTe wounds
curIe wounds
curSe wounds
curVe wounds
curB wounds
curD wounds
curD wounds
curL wounds
curS wounds
curT wounds
cureD wounds
cureR wounds
cureS wounds
cureT wounds
cure Bounds
cure Founds
cure Hounds
cure Mounds
cure Pounds
cure Rounds
cure Sounds
cure Zounds
cure wouLds
deFect evil and good
deJect evil and good
deteNt evil and good
deteSt evil and good
detectS evil and good
detect Devil and good
detect evilS and good
detect evil Band good
detect evil Hand good
detect evil Land good
detect evil Rand good
detect evil Sand good
detect evil Wand good
detect evil End good
detect evil Ind good
detect evil aDd good
detect evil aId good
detect evil aUd good
detect evil anA good
detect evil anE good
detect evil anN good
detect evil anS good
detect evil anT good
detect evil anY good
detect evil and Food
detect evil and Food
detect evil and Hood
detect evil and Mood
detect evil and Pood
detect evil and Rood
detect evil and Wood
detect evil and gEod
detect evil and goAd
detect evil and goLd
detect evil and gooF
detect evil and gooK
detect evil and gooN
detect evil and gooP
detect evil and goodS
detect evil and goodY
deFect magic
deJect magic
deteNt magic
deteSt magic
detectS magic
detect maNic
detect magicS
deFect poison and disease
deJect poison and disease
deteNt poison and disease
deteSt poison and disease
detectS poison and disease
detect Foison and disease
detect pRison and disease
detect poisonS and disease
detect poison Band disease
detect poison Hand disease
detect poison Land disease
detect poison Rand disease
detect poison Sand disease
detect poison Wand disease
detect poison End disease
detect poison Ind disease
detect poison aDd disease
detect poison aId disease
detect poison aUd disease
detect poison anA disease
detect poison anE disease
detect poison anN disease
detect poison anS disease
detect poison anT disease
detect poison anY disease
detect poison and diseUse
detect poison and diseaseD
detect poison and diseaseS
disguiseD self
disguiseS self
disguise Pelf
disguise sHelf
disguise seRf
disguise selL
dissonant whiMpers
dissonant whiPpers
dissonant whisKers
dissonant whisperY
Bistort value
disPort value
distortS value
distort vaGue
distort valSe
distort valVe
distort valueD
distort valueR
distort valueS
diviDe favor
divinG favor
divineD favor
divineR favor
divineS favor
divine Savor
divine fLavor
divine favorS
Dearth tremor
Hearth tremor
Garth tremor
earthS tremor
earthY tremor
earth tremorS
ensnaring sHrike
ensnaring strAke
ensnaring strOke
ensnaring striAe
ensnaring striDe
ensnaring striFe
ensnaring striPe
ensnaring striVe
ensnaring strikeR
ensnaring strikeS
Pentangle
Untangle
entangleD
entangleR
entangleS
expeditioNs retreat
expeditious Pretreat
expeditious retreaD
expeditious retreatS
faerieS fire
faerie Afire
faerie Cire
faerie Dire
faerie Hire
faerie Lire
faerie Mire
faerie Sire
faerie Tire
faerie Wire
faerie fAre
faerie fOre
faerie fiFe
faerie fiLe
faerie fiNe
faerie fiVe
faerie firM
faerie firN
faerie firS
faerie fireD
faerie fireR
faerie fireS
Valse life
falsIe life
falseR life
false Fife
false Rife
false Wife
false liCe
false liKe
false liMe
false liNe
false liRe
false liTe
false liVe
false lifT
false lifeR
Heather fall
Leather fall
Weather fall
featherS fall
featherY fall
feather Ball
feather Call
feather Gall
feather Hall
feather Mall
feather Pall
feather Rall
feather Tall
feather Wall
feather fEll
feather fIll
feather fOll
feather fUll
feather faIl
feather faRl
feather fallS
Bind familiar
Hind familiar
Kind familiar
Mind familiar
Rind familiar
Wind familiar
fEnd familiar
fOnd familiar
fUnd familiar
fiEnd familiar
finEd familiar
finE familiar
finK familiar
finO familiar
finS familiar
findS familiar
find familiaL
find familiarS
Bog cloud
Cog cloud
Dog cloud
Hog cloud
Jog cloud
Log cloud
Mog cloud
Nog cloud
Tog cloud
Wog cloud
fLog cloud
fRog cloud
fAg cloud
fIg cloud
fUg cloud
foB cloud
foE cloud
foL cloud
foO cloud
foP cloud
foR cloud
foU cloud
foX cloud
fogS cloud
fogY cloud
fog Aloud
fog clouT
fog cloudS
fog cloudY
froWst fingers
froNt fingers
frosH fingers
frostS fingers
frostY fingers
frost Gingers
frost Lingers
frost Ringers
frost Singers
frost Wingers
frost Zingers
frost finDers
gift Oof alacrity
gift oAf alacrity
gift oFf alacrity
gift oOf alacrity
gift ofF alacrity
gift ofT alacrity
Crease
Urease
greaVe
greasY
greaseD
greaseR
greaseS
gLiding bolt
guiding Colt
guiding Dolt
guiding Holt
guiding Jolt
guiding Molt
guiding Volt
guiding bElt
guiding boAt
guiding boOt
guiding boRt
guiding boTt
guiding boUt
guiding bolA
guiding bolD
guiding bolE
guiding bolL
guiding bolO
guiding boltS
gLiding hand 
guiding Band 
guiding Land 
guiding Rand 
guiding Sand 
guiding Wand 
guiding hInd 
guiding haRd 
guiding hanG 
guiding hanK 
guiding handS 
guiding handY 
guiding handS
guiding handY
hail Oof thorns
hail oAf thorns
hail oFf thorns
hail oOf thorns
hail ofF thorns
hail ofT thorns
Dealing elixir 
Pealing elixir 
Sealing elixir 
heEling elixir 
heaDing elixir 
heaPing elixir 
heaRing elixir 
heaTing elixir 
heaVing elixir 
healingS elixir 
healing elixirS 
healing elixirS
Dealing word
Pealing word
Sealing word
heEling word
heaDing word
heaPing word
heaRing word
heaTing word
heaVing word
healingS word
healing Sword
healing Cord
healing Ford
healing Lord
healing wArd
healing woAd
healing woLd
healing woOd
healing worLd
healing worE
healing worK
healing worM
healing worN
healing worT
healing wordS
healing wordY
hellish rebukeD
hellish rebukeS
Kex
Lex
Sex
Vex
heM
heN
heP
heR
heS
heW
heW
heY
Punter's mark
hAunter's mark
hInter's mark
hunGer's mark
hunter's Bark
hunter's Cark
hunter's Dark
hunter's Hark
hunter's Lark
hunter's Lark
hunter's Nark
hunter's Park
hunter's mIrk
hunter's mUrk
hunter's maCk
hunter's maSk
hunter's marA
hunter's marC
hunter's marE
hunter's marG
hunter's marL
hunter's marS
hunter's marT
hunter's markA
hunter's markS
Bice knife
Dice knife
Lice knife
Mice knife
Nice knife
Pice knife
Rice knife
Vice knife
Ace knife
iRe knife
icY knife
iceD knife
iceS knife
ice knifeD
ice knifeS
Aid insinuation 
Bid insinuation 
Did insinuation 
Fid insinuation 
Gid insinuation 
Hid insinuation 
Kid insinuation 
Lid insinuation 
Mid insinuation 
Rid insinuation 
Yid insinuation 
iNd insinuation 
idS insinuation 
identiTy
illusory scripS
illusory scripS
illusory scriptS
infalliblY relay 
infallible Belay 
infallible Delay 
infallible rePlay 
infallible rePay 
infallible relaX 
infallible relaX 
infallible relayS 
infallible relayS
inflEct wounds
inflictS wounds
inflict Bounds
inflict Founds
inflict Hounds
inflict Mounds
inflict Pounds
inflict Rounds
inflict Sounds
inflict Zounds
inflict wouLds
Aim's magic missile
Rim's magic missile
Sim's magic missile
Vim's magic missile
jAm's magic missile
jiB's magic missile
Bump
Dump
Hump
Lump
Mump
Pump
Rump
Sump
jumpS
jumpY
Image armor
Cage armor
Page armor
Rage armor
Sage armor
Wage armor
mTge armor
maNge armor
maRge armor
maCe armor
maDe armor
maKe armor
maLe armor
maNe armor
maRe armor
maTe armor
maZe armor
magI armor
magS armor
mageS armor
mage arBor
mage arDor
mage armorS
mage armorY
maNic missile
magicS missile
magic Fissile
magic misFile
magic missiVe
magic missileS
proJection from evil and good
protectionS from evil and good
protection Prom evil and good
protection froE evil and good
protection froG evil and good
protection froW evil and good
protection from Devil and good
protection from evilS and good
protection from evil Band good
protection from evil Hand good
protection from evil Land good
protection from evil Rand good
protection from evil Sand good
protection from evil Wand good
protection from evil End good
protection from evil Ind good
protection from evil aDd good
protection from evil aId good
protection from evil aUd good
protection from evil anA good
protection from evil anE good
protection from evil anN good
protection from evil anS good
protection from evil anT good
protection from evil anY good
protection from evil and Food
protection from evil and Food
protection from evil and Hood
protection from evil and Mood
protection from evil and Pood
protection from evil and Rood
protection from evil and Wood
protection from evil and gEod
protection from evil and goAd
protection from evil and goLd
protection from evil and gooF
protection from evil and gooK
protection from evil and gooN
protection from evil and gooP
protection from evil and goodS
protection from evil and goodY
pOppet 
puppeD 
puppetS 
puppetS
Aurify food and drink
puriTy food and drink
purify Good and drink
purify Hood and drink
purify Mood and drink
purify Pood and drink
purify Rood and drink
purify Wood and drink
purify fLood and drink
purify foLd and drink
purify foNd and drink
purify foNd and drink
purify foRd and drink
purify fooL and drink
purify fooT and drink
purify foodS and drink
purify food Band drink
purify food Hand drink
purify food Land drink
purify food Rand drink
purify food Sand drink
purify food Wand drink
purify food End drink
purify food Ind drink
purify food aDd drink
purify food aId drink
purify food aUd drink
purify food anA drink
purify food anE drink
purify food anN drink
purify food anS drink
purify food anT drink
purify food anY drink
purify food and Brink
purify food and Prink
purify food and drAnk
purify food and drUnk
purify food and drinkS
ray Oof sickness
ray oAf sickness
ray oFf sickness
ray oOf sickness
ray ofF sickness
ray ofT sickness
Demote access 
remoVe access 
remoteR access 
remoteS access 
Bearing smite
Fearing smite
Gearing smite
Hearing smite
Nearing smite
Rearing smite
Rearing smite
Tearing smite
Wearing smite
sHearing smite
sMearing smite
sPearing smite
sWearing smite
sCaring smite
sHaring smite
sNaring smite
sOaring smite
sParing smite
sTaring smite
seaLing smite
seaMing smite
seaTing smite
searing sAmite
searing sOmite
searing sKite
searing sPite
searing sUite
searing smOte
searing smiLe
searing smitH
searing smiteR
searing smiteS
Cense emotion 
Dense emotion 
Tense emotion 
seIse emotion 
senTe emotion 
senseD emotion 
senseS emotion 
sense Demotion 
sense Remotion 
sense emotiCon 
sense emotionS 
sense emotionS
shieldS
shield Oof faith
shield oAf faith
shield oFf faith
shield oOf faith
shield ofF faith
shield ofT faith
silenI image
silentS image
silent imagO
silent imageD
silent imageS
silverN barbs
silverS barbs
silvery Carbs
silvery Garbs
silvery bUrbs
silvery barDs
silvery barEs
silvery barFs
silvery barKs
silvery barMs
silvery barNs
Asleep
Bleep
sHeep
sTeep
sWeep
sleeK
sleeT
sleepS
sleepY
sCare
sHare
sPare
sTare
snOre
snaKe
snarF
snarK
snarL
snareD
snareS
Apeak with animals
sNeak with animals
sTeak with animals
speCk with animals
speaR with animals
speakS with animals
speak Kith animals
speak Lith animals
speak Pith animals
speak wiDth animals
speak wiSh animals
speak wiSh animals
speak witCh animals
speak witE animals
speak witS animals
speak withE animals
speak withY animals
sAdden awakening 
sOdden awakening 
sudden awakeningS 
sudden awakeningS
Pasha's caustic brew
Pasha's hideous laughter
Censer's floating disk
teAser's floating disk
tenDer's floating disk
thunderous sAmite
thunderous sOmite
thunderous sKite
thunderous sPite
thunderous sUite
thunderous smOte
thunderous smiLe
thunderous smitH
thunderous smiteR
thunderous smiteS
unearthly chorDs 
unearthly chorEs 
unseen servantS
Gild cunning 
Mild cunning 
Sild cunning 
wEld cunning 
wOld cunning 
wiEld cunning 
wiNd cunning 
wilEd cunning 
wilE cunning 
wilL cunning 
wilT cunning 
wilY cunning 
wildS cunning 
wild Dunning 
wild Gunning 
wild Punning 
wild Running 
wild Sunning 
wild cAnning 
wild cOnning 
Switch bolt
Twitch bolt
Aitch bolt
Bitch bolt
Ditch bolt
Fitch bolt
Hitch bolt
Pitch bolt
Titch bolt
wAtch bolt
wiNch bolt
witchY bolt
witch Colt
witch Dolt
witch Holt
witch Jolt
witch Molt
witch Volt
witch bElt
witch boAt
witch boOt
witch boRt
witch boTt
witch boUt
witch bolA
witch bolD
witch bolE
witch bolL
witch bolO
witch boltS
wrathful sAmite
wrathful sOmite
wrathful sKite
wrathful sPite
wrathful sUite
wrathful smOte
wrathful smiLe
wrathful smitH
wrathful smiteR
wrathful smiteS
zephyrS strikezephyr sHrikezephyr strAkezephyr strOkezephyr striAezephyr striDezephyr striFezephyr striPezephyr striVe