animatO dead
animateD dead
animateS dead
animate Bead
animate Head
animate Lead
animate Mead
animate Read
animate dRead
animate dUad
animate dYad
animate deCd
animate deEd
animate deaF
animate deaL
animate deaN
animate deaR
antagonizeD
antagonizeS
aura Oof vitality
aura oAf vitality
aura oFf vitality
aura oOf vitality
aura ofF vitality
aura ofT vitality
beacon Oof hope
beacon oAf hope
beacon oFf hope
beacon oOf hope
beacon ofF hope
beacon ofT hope
bestowS curse
bestow Burse
bestow Burse
bestow Nurse
bestow Purse
bestow cOurse
bestow cArse
bestow cOrse
bestow curIe
bestow curVe
bestow curseD
bestow curseS
blEnding smite
blinKing smite
blinding sAmite
blinding sOmite
blinding sKite
blinding sPite
blinding sUite
blinding smOte
blinding smiLe
blinding smitH
blinding smiteR
blinding smiteS
Clink
Slink
bOink
bRink
blAnk
blinD
blinG
blinI
blinkS
Ball lightning
Ball lightning
Fall lightning
Gall lightning
Hall lightning
Mall lightning
Pall lightning
Rall lightning
Tall lightning
Wall lightning
cEll lightning
cOll lightning
cUll lightning
caRl lightning
caUl lightning
calF lightning
calK lightning
calK lightning
calM lightning
calX lightning
callA lightning
callS lightning
call lightEning
call lightningS
catnIp
catnapS
conjureD animals
conjureR animals
conjureS animals
conjureD barrage
conjureR barrage
conjureS barrage
conjure barrageD
conjure barrageS
Ocreate food and water
creMate food and water
creNate food and water
creaSe food and water
creaSe food and water
createD food and water
createS food and water
create Good and water
create Hood and water
create Mood and water
create Pood and water
create Rood and water
create Wood and water
create fLood and water
create foLd and water
create foNd and water
create foNd and water
create foRd and water
create fooL and water
create fooT and water
create foodS and water
create food Band water
create food Hand water
create food Land water
create food Rand water
create food Sand water
create food Wand water
create food End water
create food Ind water
create food aDd water
create food aId water
create food aUd water
create food anA water
create food anE water
create food anN water
create food anS water
create food anT water
create food anY water
create food and Cater
create food and Dater
create food and Eater
create food and Gater
create food and Hater
create food and Later
create food and Mater
create food and Rater
create food and Tater
create food and waIter
create food and waSter
create food and waDer
create food and waFer
create food and waGer
create food and waVer
create food and waterS
create food and waterY
crusader's Cantle
crusader's manGle
crusader's mantleD
crusader's mantleS
daylightS
dispelS magic
dispel maNic
dispel magicS
elemental weaponS
enemies aRound
enemies aboundS
eruCting earth
erupting Dearth
erupting Hearth
erupting Garth
erupting earthS
erupting earthY
Bast friends
Cast friends
East friends
East friends
Hast friends
Last friends
Mast friends
Oast friends
Past friends
Vast friends
Wast friends
fEast friends
fEst friends
fIst friends
faCt friends
faRt friends
faRt friends
fasH friends
fastS friends
Bear
Dear
Gear
Hear
Near
Pear
Rear
Sear
Tear
Wear
Year
feUar
feEr
feaL
feaT
fearS
Deign death
Reign death
feignS death
feign Heath
feign Neath
feign dePth
feign deaRth
feign deathS
fireWall
fireballS
Aflame arrows
Blame arrows
fRame arrows
flUme arrows
flaKe arrows
flaRe arrows
flamBe arrows
flameD arrows
flameN arrows
flameR arrows
flameS arrows
flame Barrows
flame Farrows
flame Harrows
flame Marrows
flame Narrows
flame arrowY
flame stride Qua)
flame stride (Qua)
Ply
Sly
fAy
fEy
fRy
fWy
flAy
flEy
flD
flT
flU
gIlder's tower
gaDder's tower
gaNder's tower
Caseous form
gaseous Corm
gaseous Dorm
gaseous Norm
gaseous Worm
gaseous fArm
gaseous fIrm
gaseous foAm
gaseous forUm
gaseous forA
gaseous forB
gaseous forD
gaseous forE
gaseous forK
gaseous forT
gaseous formE
gaseous formS
glyph Oof warding
glyph oAf warding
glyph oFf warding
glyph oOf warding
glyph ofF warding
glyph ofT warding
Chaste
Baste
Caste
Paste
Taste
Waste
hastY
hasteD
hasteN
hasteS
hypnoticS pattern
hypnotic paStern
hypnotic paStern
hypnotic patterS
hypnotic patternS
inDite greed
inVite greed
inciSe greed
inciSe greed
inciteD greed
inciteR greed
inciteS greed
incite Agreed
incite Breed
incite Creed
incite Freed
incite Freed
incite Treed
incite greeN
incite greeT
incite greedY
intellectS fortress
Fife transference
Rife transference
Wife transference
liCe transference
liKe transference
liMe transference
liNe transference
liRe transference
liTe transference
liVe transference
lifT transference
lifeR transference
lightEning arrow
lightningS arrow
lightning Barrow
lightning Farrow
lightning Harrow
lightning Marrow
lightning Narrow
lightning Yarrow
lightning arrowS
lightning arrowY
lightEning bolt
lightningS bolt
lightning Colt
lightning Dolt
lightning Holt
lightning Jolt
lightning Molt
lightning Volt
lightning bElt
lightning boAt
lightning boOt
lightning boRt
lightning boTt
lightning boUt
lightning bolA
lightning bolD
lightning bolE
lightning bolL
lightning bolO
lightning boltS
maNic circle
magicS circle
magic circleD
magic circleR
magic circleS
magic circleT
maNor image
maYor image
majorS image
major imagO
major imageD
major imageS
Amass healing word
Bass healing word
Lass healing word
Lass healing word
Pass healing word
Sass healing word
Tass healing word
mEss healing word
mIss healing word
mOss healing word
mUss healing word
maCs healing word
maDs healing word
maGs healing word
maMs healing word
maNs healing word
maPs healing word
maRs healing word
maRs healing word
maTs healing word
maWs healing word
masKs healing word
masTs healing word
masC healing word
masH healing word
masK healing word
masT healing word
massY healing word
mass Dealing word
mass Pealing word
mass Sealing word
mass heEling word
mass heaDing word
mass heaPing word
mass heaRing word
mass heaTing word
mass heaVing word
mass healingS word
mass healing Sword
mass healing Cord
mass healing Ford
mass healing Lord
mass healing wArd
mass healing woAd
mass healing woLd
mass healing woOd
mass healing worLd
mass healing worE
mass healing worK
mass healing worM
mass healing worN
mass healing worT
mass healing wordS
mass healing wordY
Geld into stone
Held into stone
Veld into stone
Weld into stone
Yeld into stone
mIld into stone
mOld into stone
meAd into stone
meEd into stone
meNd into stone
melT into stone
meldS into stone
meld Pinto stone
meld Onto stone
meld Unto stone
meld inFo stone
meld intRo stone
meld intI stone
meld intR stone
meld into Atone
meld into sCone
meld into sHone
meld into stAne
meld into stoKe
meld into stoLe
meld into stoPe
meld into stoRe
meld into stoVe
meld into stonY
meld into stoneD
meld into stoneR
meld into stoneS
Pelf's minute meteors
Self's minute meteors
mIlf's minute meteors
melD's minute meteors
phantomS steed
phantom sPeed
phantom steWed
phantom steAd
phantom steeL
phantom steeP
phantom steeR
phantom steedS
Slant growth
plIant growth
plaInt growth
plaIt growth
planEt growth
planE growth
planK growth
planS growth
planS growth
plantS growth
plant growthS
proJection from energy
protectionS from energy
protection Prom energy
protection froE energy
protection froG energy
protection froW energy
protection from Anergy
Dulse wave
puRse wave
pulseD wave
pulseS wave
pulse Cave
pulse Eave
pulse Fave
pulse Gave
pulse Have
pulse Lave
pulse Nave
pulse Pave
pulse Rave
pulse Save
pulse wEave
pulse wIve
pulse wOve
pulse waIve
pulse waDe
pulse waGe
pulse waKe
pulse waLe
pulse waMe
pulse waNe
pulse waRe
pulse wavY
pulse waveD
pulse waveR
pulse waveS
reWove curse
remoTe curse
removeD curse
removeR curse
removeS curse
remove Burse
remove Burse
remove Nurse
remove Purse
remove cOurse
remove cArse
remove cOrse
remove curIe
remove curVe
remove curseD
remove curseS
Bending
Fending
Lending
Mending
Pending
Rending
Rending
Tending
Vending
Wending
sCending
sPending
sAnding
seEding
senSing
Fleet storm
Gleet storm
sHeet storm
sKeet storm
sKeet storm
sWeet storm
slePt storm
sleeK storm
sleeP storm
sleetS storm
sleetY storm
sleet storE
sleet storK
sleet storY
sleet stormS
sleet stormY
Alow
Blow
Flow
Glow
Plow
sCow
sHow
sNow
sTow
slAw
slEw
sloB
sloE
sloG
sloP
sloT
slowS
Apeak with dead
sNeak with dead
sTeak with dead
speCk with dead
speaR with dead
speakS with dead
speak Kith dead
speak Lith dead
speak Pith dead
speak wiDth dead
speak wiSh dead
speak wiSh dead
speak witCh dead
speak witE dead
speak witS dead
speak withE dead
speak withY dead
speak with Bead
speak with Head
speak with Lead
speak with Mead
speak with Read
speak with dRead
speak with dUad
speak with dYad
speak with deCd
speak with deEd
speak with deaF
speak with deaL
speak with deaN
speak with deaR
Apeak with plants
sNeak with plants
sTeak with plants
speCk with plants
speaR with plants
speakS with plants
speak Kith plants
speak Lith plants
speak Pith plants
speak wiDth plants
speak wiSh plants
speak wiSh plants
speak witCh plants
speak witE plants
speak witS plants
speak withE plants
speak withY plants
speak with Slants
speak with plaInts
speak with plaIts
speak with planEts
speak with planEs
speak with planKs
spiritS guardians
spiritS shroud
spirit sTroud
spirit shroudS
sLinking cloud
stOnking cloud
stiCking cloud
stinGing cloud
stinTing cloud
stinking Aloud
stinking clouT
stinking cloudS
stinking cloudY
summonS fey
summon Bey
summon Dey
summon Gey
summon Hey
summon Key
summon Ley
summon fLey
summon fAy
summon fLy
summon fRy
summon fWy
summon feC
summon feD
summon feE
summon feM
summon feN
summon feR
summon feU
summon feW
summon feZ
summonS lesser demons
summon leAser demons
summon lessOr demons
summon lesseE demons
summon lesseN demons
summon lesseS demons
summon lesser Lemons
summon lesser dAemons
summon lesser demoBs
summonS undead
summon unRead
Chunder step
thunderS step
thunderY step
thunder sEep
thunder sKep
thunder stEep
thunder stRep
thunder stOp
thunder steEp
thunder steM
thunder steR
thunder steT
thunder steW
thunder stepS
tiCal wave
tiCal wave
tidal Cave
tidal Eave
tidal Fave
tidal Gave
tidal Have
tidal Lave
tidal Nave
tidal Pave
tidal Rave
tidal Save
tidal wEave
tidal wIve
tidal wOve
tidal waIve
tidal waDe
tidal waGe
tidal waKe
tidal waLe
tidal waMe
tidal waNe
tidal waRe
tidal wavY
tidal waveD
tidal waveR
tidal waveS
Liny servant
Piny servant
Winy servant
tOny servant
tiNny servant
tiDy servant
tinNy servant
tinE servant
tinG servant
tinS servant
tinT servant
tiny servantS
tongueD
wall Oof sand
wall oAf sand
wall oFf sand
wall oOf sand
wall ofF sand
wall ofT sand
wall Oof water
wall oAf water
wall oFf water
wall oOf water
wall ofF water
wall ofT water
Cater breathing
Dater breathing
Eater breathing
Gater breathing
Hater breathing
Later breathing
Mater breathing
Rater breathing
Tater breathing
waIter breathing
waSter breathing
waDer breathing
waFer breathing
waGer breathing
waVer breathing
waterS breathing
waterY breathing
water Wreathing
water breaChing
water breathingS
Cater walk
Dater walk
Eater walk
Gater walk
Hater walk
Later walk
Mater walk
Rater walk
Tater walk
waIter walk
waSter walk
waDer walk
waFer walk
waGer walk
waVer walk
waterS walk
waterY walk
water Balk
water Calk
water Talk
water waCk
water waNk
water walE
water walL
water walkS
Bind wall
Find wall
Hind wall
Kind wall
Mind wall
Rind wall
wAnd wall
wEnd wall
wYnd wall
wiLd wall
winEd wall
winE wall
winG wall
winK wall
winO wall
winS wall
winY wall
windS wall
windY wall
wind Ball
wind Call
wind Fall
wind Gall
wind Hall
wind Mall
wind Pall
wind Rall
wind Tall
wind wEll
wind wIll
wind waIl
wind walE
wind walK
wind walK
wind wallS
wind wallY
