animatO objects
animateD objects
animateS objects
awOken
awakeS
awakenS
Vanishing smite
banishing sAmite
banishing sOmite
banishing sKite
banishing sPite
banishing sUite
banishing smOte
banishing smiLe
banishing smitH
banishing smiteR
banishing smiteS
circle Oof power
circle oAf power
circle oFf power
circle oOf power
circle ofF power
circle ofT power
commuTe
communeD
communeS
commuTe with nature
communeD with nature
communeS with nature
commune Kith nature
commune Lith nature
commune Pith nature
commune wiDth nature
commune wiSh nature
commune wiSh nature
commune witCh nature
commune witE nature
commune witS nature
commune withE nature
commune withY nature
commune with Mature
commune with Mature
commune with natureD
commune with natureS
cone Oof cold
cone oAf cold
cone oFf cold
cone oOf cold
cone ofF cold
cone ofT cold
conjureD elemental
conjureR elemental
conjureS elemental
conjureD volley
conjureR volley
conjureS volley
conjure vAlley
conjure volleyS
contRact other plane
contactS other plane
contact Bother plane
contact Mother plane
contact Pother plane
contact Tother plane
contact Ether plane
contact oCher plane
contact otTer plane
contact otherS plane
contact other plaCe
contact other plaGe
contact other plaTe
contact other planK
contact other planS
contact other planT
contact other planeD
contact other planeR
contact other planeS
contact other planeT
contagionS
controlS winds
control Binds
control Finds
control Hinds
control Kinds
control Minds
control Rinds
control wAnds
control wEnds
control wiLds
control winEs
control winGs
control winKs
control winOs
control windY
creMation
creNation
creationS
Manse macabre
dEnse macabre
danCe macabre
Fawn
Lawn
Pawn
Yawn
dRawn
dOwn
daMn
daRn
dawS
dawnS
destructive Cave
destructive Eave
destructive Fave
destructive Gave
destructive Have
destructive Lave
destructive Nave
destructive Pave
destructive Rave
destructive Save
destructive wEave
destructive wIve
destructive wOve
destructive waIve
destructive waDe
destructive waGe
destructive waKe
destructive waLe
destructive waMe
destructive waNe
destructive waRe
destructive wavY
destructive waveD
destructive waveR
destructive waveS
dispelS evil and good
dispel Devil and good
dispel evilS and good
dispel evil Band good
dispel evil Hand good
dispel evil Land good
dispel evil Rand good
dispel evil Sand good
dispel evil Wand good
dispel evil End good
dispel evil Ind good
dispel evil aDd good
dispel evil aId good
dispel evil aUd good
dispel evil anA good
dispel evil anE good
dispel evil anN good
dispel evil anS good
dispel evil anT good
dispel evil anY good
dispel evil and Food
dispel evil and Food
dispel evil and Hood
dispel evil and Mood
dispel evil and Pood
dispel evil and Rood
dispel evil and Wood
dispel evil and gEod
dispel evil and goAd
dispel evil and goLd
dispel evil and gooF
dispel evil and gooK
dispel evil and gooN
dispel evil and gooP
dispel evil and goodS
dispel evil and goodY
Nominate person
dominateD person
dominateS person
dominate pArson
dominate perRon
dominate perRon
dominate personA
dominate personS
Bream
Cream
Cream
dreaD
dreaR
dreamS
dreamY
Afar step
Bar step
Car step
Ear step
Ear step
Gar step
Jar step
Lar step
Mar step
Oar step
Par step
Tar step
Var step
War step
fEar step
fEr step
fIr step
fOr step
fUr step
faIr step
faB step
faC step
faD step
faG step
faM step
faN step
faT step
faX step
faY step
farD step
farE step
farL step
farM step
farO step
farT step
far sEep
far sKep
far stEep
far stRep
far stOp
far steEp
far steM
far steR
far steT
far steW
far stepS
Aflame strike
Blame strike
fRame strike
flUme strike
flaKe strike
flaRe strike
flamBe strike
flameD strike
flameN strike
flameR strike
flameS strike
flame sHrike
flame strAke
flame strOke
flame striAe
flame striDe
flame striFe
flame striPe
flame striVe
flame strikeR
flame strikeS
Keas
Leas
Meas
Peas
Seas
Teas
Yeas
geEs
geLs
geMs
geNs
geTs
geaNs
geaRs
geaN
geaR
geaR
Treater restoration
greEter restoration
greaSer restoration
greaSer restoration
greateN restoration
greater restorationS
Shallow
Callow
Fallow
Mallow
Sallow
Tallow
Wallow
hOllow
halloO
hallowS
Bold monster
Cold monster
Fold monster
Gold monster
Gold monster
Mold monster
Sold monster
Told monster
Wold monster
hEld monster
hoEd monster
hoOd monster
holEd monster
holE monster
holM monster
holP monster
holS monster
holT monster
holY monster
holdS monster
hold mInster
hold moBster
hold moIster
hold monsterS
Coly weapon
Moly weapon
Poly weapon
hoLly weapon
hoTly weapon
holEy weapon
holLy weapon
holD weapon
holE weapon
holM weapon
holP weapon
holS weapon
holT weapon
holy weaponS
inTernal calling
infernal Balling
infernal Balling
infernal Falling
infernal Galling
infernal Palling
infernal Walling
infernal cUlling
infernal caBling
infernal caRling
infernal caTling
infernal calKing
infernal calKing
infernal calMing
infernal calVing
infernal callingS
inFect plague
inJect plague
insPect plague
inseRt plague
insectS plague
insect Blague
insect plaQue
insect plagueD
insect plagueS
legendS lore
legend Bore
legend Core
legend Fore
legend Gore
legend More
legend Pore
legend Sore
legend Tore
legend Wore
legend Yore
legend lIre
legend lUre
legend lYre
legend loBe
legend loDe
legend loGe
legend loNe
legend loPe
legend loSe
legend loVe
legend lorD
legend lorD
legend lorN
legend lorY
maelstromS
Amass cure wounds
Bass cure wounds
Lass cure wounds
Lass cure wounds
Pass cure wounds
Sass cure wounds
Tass cure wounds
mEss cure wounds
mIss cure wounds
mOss cure wounds
mUss cure wounds
maCs cure wounds
maDs cure wounds
maGs cure wounds
maMs cure wounds
maNs cure wounds
maPs cure wounds
maRs cure wounds
maRs cure wounds
maTs cure wounds
maWs cure wounds
masKs cure wounds
masTs cure wounds
masC cure wounds
masH cure wounds
masK cure wounds
masT cure wounds
massY cure wounds
mass Lure wounds
mass Mure wounds
mass Pure wounds
mass Sure wounds
mass cAre wounds
mass cEre wounds
mass cIre wounds
mass cOre wounds
mass cuBe wounds
mass cuKe wounds
mass cuTe wounds
mass curIe wounds
mass curSe wounds
mass curVe wounds
mass curB wounds
mass curD wounds
mass curD wounds
mass curL wounds
mass curS wounds
mass curT wounds
mass cureD wounds
mass cureR wounds
mass cureS wounds
mass cureT wounds
mass cure Bounds
mass cure Founds
mass cure Hounds
mass cure Mounds
mass cure Pounds
mass cure Rounds
mass cure Sounds
mass cure Zounds
mass cure wouLds
misRead
misleadS
Codify memory
negativeD energy flood
negativeS energy flood
negative Anergy flood
negative energy Blood
negative energy flooR
negative energy floodS
planTar binding
planEr binding
planar Finding
planar Minding
planar Winding
planar bLinding
planar bAnding
planar bEnding
planar bOnding
planar biDding
planar biRding
planar binGing
planar binNing
planar bindingS
Braise dead
Fraise dead
Praise dead
raiseD dead
raiseR dead
raiseS dead
raise Bead
raise Head
raise Lead
raise Mead
raise Read
raise dRead
raise dUad
raise dYad
raise deCd
raise deEd
raise deaF
raise deaL
raise deaN
raise deaR
reincarnateD
reincarnateS
Deeming
Teeming
seAming
seeDing
seeKing
seeLing
seeLing
seePing
sHill empowerment
sPill empowerment
sTill empowerment
sWill empowerment
skUll empowerment
skiRl empowerment
skillS empowerment
steAl wind strike
steeD wind strike
steeP wind strike
steeR wind strike
steelS wind strike
steelY wind strike
steel Bind strike
steel Find strike
steel Hind strike
steel Kind strike
steel Mind strike
steel Rind strike
steel wAnd strike
steel wEnd strike
steel wYnd strike
steel wiLd strike
steel winEd strike
steel winE strike
steel winG strike
steel winK strike
steel winO strike
steel winS strike
steel winY strike
steel windS strike
steel windY strike
steel wind sHrike
steel wind strAke
steel wind strOke
steel wind striAe
steel wind striDe
steel wind striFe
steel wind striPe
steel wind striVe
steel wind strikeR
steel wind strikeS
summonS celestial
summonS draconic spirit
summon draconic spiritS
sHift quiver
swiftS quiver
swift Aquiver
swift quAver
swift quiverS
swift quiverY
synOptic static
synaptic Astatic
synaptic staticS
teleportation circleD
teleportation circleR
teleportation circleS
teleportation circleT
temporal sTunt
temporal shunS
temporal shunS
temporal shuntS
transmuteD rock
transmuteR rock
transmuteS rock
transmute Brock
transmute Crock
transmute Frock
transmute Bock
transmute Cock
transmute Dock
transmute Hock
transmute Jock
transmute Lock
transmute Mock
transmute Nock
transmute Pock
transmute Sock
transmute rAck
transmute rEck
transmute rIck
transmute rUck
transmute roOk
transmute rocS
transmute rockS
transmute rockY
Bree stride
Dree stride
Free stride
Gree stride
tHree stride
tHee stride
tWee stride
trUe stride
treK stride
treS stride
treT stride
treY stride
treeD stride
treeN stride
treeS stride
tree Astride
tree strOde
tree striAe
tree striFe
tree striKe
tree striPe
tree striVe
tree strideR
tree strideS
wall Oof force
wall oAf force
wall oFf force
wall oOf force
wall ofF force
wall ofT force
wall Oof light
wall oAf light
wall oFf light
wall oOf light
wall ofF light
wall ofT light
wall Oof stone
wall oAf stone
wall oFf stone
wall oOf stone
wall ofF stone
wall ofT stone
wrath Oof naturewrath oAf naturewrath oFf naturewrath oOf naturewrath ofF naturewrath ofT nature